then I got this I'm starting on this
part I started cutting else or something
yeah I got my angle here so maybe now I
can build a lip all the way around and
fix all this you're not gonna have a
rollout windshield like it originally
hair no I just talked to that guy over
there he says what are you gonna do
about windshield I don't know what I'm
gonna do and I said I'm gonna take a
piece of steel and I'm gonna bend it to
the angle yeah look two pieces of glass
in it
yeah I'm just gonna pop urethane and
then like a new car
mm-hmm and then it will have the rubber
mold and it will lay right longest lip
yeah just sleep mm-hmm and that's about
the weight for the rubber more work
because rubber you get little yep be a
solid when she looks old and I my taking
drill this out every three holes so
piece of trim that's kind of what I did
on my thinner piece okay I guess that's
exactly what I did Hey yeah because
originally the original centerpiece
there's Pridgen always left in the
centerpiece yeah so I have to get
something in bend it so enjoy the window
yeah yeah probably just make a song
OOP
get the glass how nice metal work you
got to work with that yeah when guys are
gonna fix up I said don't fix that don't
worry I make my templates for my glass
and I take it up to the Boshoff yeah
I'll cut it all out and make 2 to PI for
temples Oh basically as long as it fits
both sides I'll have 2 million on Oracle
yep
I measured all this is the right to the
summer just gives you a little bit for a
glosses
you